Are you crazy?
You just jump off.
Why are you dragging me to die together?
I told you before.
I want my mom to see you one last time
Since you don't want to see him
I'll have to take you to see him
Ok read
I was wrong, I beg you to forgive me, okay?
I apologize to you as long as you are willing to let me go
I'm only 20 and I don't want to apologize to me
I don't need your apology either.
Yeah soul I should apologize to soul
I promise you.
As long as you let me go
I promise to apologize to the soul
I promise.
Until now, you still dare not call her mom
If it weren't for the audience being late
You should have died a long time ago
This is business in the 2000s.
Is he on the rooftop?
Go to the rooftop
Let me refit the line before that year
And that leads to the rooftop.